This software is an implementation of the steering API for the
RealityGrid project, produced by the Supercomputing, Visualization &
e-Science Group, Manchester Computing, University of Manchester.  It
uses the expat XML parser which is copyright (c) 1998, 1999, 2000 Thai
Open Source Software Center Ltd.

How to install:

The directory containing this file should also contain a file called
reg_steer_configure.csh.  This sets a couple of environment variables
to configure the steering system:

REG_STEER_HOME: should be set to the path of the directory that contains
	        this file.

REG_STEER_DIRECTORY: set this to point to an existing directory that will
	            be used as a communication channel between the app.
	  	    and the steerer (i.e. all messages are written and
	  	    read from this directory).

Executing 'source reg_steer_configure.csh' (or equivalent, depending on which
shell you use) will then set these variables.  Since this needs to be done
everytime you log in, it may be wise to add this command to your .cshrc or
equivalent.

Edit the first two lines of the Makefile to be found in this directory in order
to select 64- or 32-bit compilation.

Edit the src/Makefile to set architecture type (necessary for generating
F90 bindings).

Type 'make' in the current directory...bear in mind that the makefiles etc.
are not currently platform independent and may require tweaking.

Included in the distribution are 'mini_steerer', 'mini_app' and
'mini_app2' which are _very_ simple applications designed to show how
one might make an application steerable and how one might write a
steerer with which to control it.  'mini_steerer' in particular is
really just to give an idea - its functionality is truly primitive and
often hard-wired. 'mini_app2' is similar to 'mini_app' but implemented
in F90 instead of C.

Any comments, enquiries or pleas for explanation should be sent to:

Andrew Porter                Andrew.Porter@man.ac.uk
Manchester Computing
University of Manchester








